**Notion:**  
1. These weekly meeting records and other materials like code files and questions to be discussed will be uploaded to GitHub(`https://github.com/im-Tree/FinTech512_TeamProject`).   
2. For final team project submission, we should create a single GitLab repository, 'fintech512-project_team_name' and upload required files in it(See `../team_project_requirement.pdf` for details).  
3. We can upload origin required deliverables (code, test cases, documents, diagrams, etc.) in this repository first, and then modifiy them to the final version. Finally upload to GitLab repository.
  
  
## **1. Next Steps**  
1. upload project selection(**Only one submission needs to be made per team.**).  
2. Code for testing. Ensure that the script only accesses transaction-related emails authorized by the user to maintain user privacy.

    
  
## **2. Discussed Questions**  
### Q1. Different permissions for different systems(eg. SMS access is not available on iPhones)  
  
- Start from **Email Parsing** first. In the user authorization information interface, state that we only accept email analysis at present, please change the channel of receiving transfer information to email.  
- Start from Web Application first, consider mobile application in future(since this class only require us to complete Web Application).  

| Device          | SMS Parsing  | Email Parsing | OCR Screenshot Parsing | AA Bill Matching | Feasibility |
|:---------------:|:-------------:|:--------------:|:---------------------:|:-----------------:|:-------------:|
| iPhone (iOS)  |   ❌   | ✅  | ✅ | ✅  | Feasible (Email + OCR) |
| Android       | ✅ (Auto Parsing) | ✅  | ✅  | ✅  | Fully Feasible |
| MacBook (macOS) | ❌ | ✅  | ✅  | ✅  | Feasible (Email + OCR) |
| Windows PC    | ❌  | ✅  | ✅  | ✅  | Feasible (Email + OCR) |
  


### Q2: Can we only accesses transaction-related emails authorized by the user?   
Yes.  

### Q3: Additional function in future.     
Accounting function; Income and expenditure management. 
  
### Q4: Weekly meeting time  
Friday, 10:00-15:00(EST)